
          RedditPicSaver - https://github.com/xrmb/RedditPicSaver
        -----------------------------------------------------------

Purpose:
  Small script to download images from your favorite reddit image section.
  
  
Installation / Setup:
  1. Get Perl and required modules installed on your system
      Windows:
        - download and install ActivePerl from activestate.com
        - open the command line and install additional modules required:
            ppm install JSON
            ppm install Image::Size
      
      OSX / Linux:
        - I dont have a Mac/Linux system, but assume it has a good perl version
          installed already
        - modules should be available via CPAN, so this should do it:
             perl -MCPAN -e 'install JSON'
             perl -MCPAN -e 'install Image::Size'
             
  2. get rds.pl and config.sample
  3. make a copy of config.sample to config
  4. edit config file, just read through the available settings and turn on
     what turns you on


Scheduling:
  If you don't want to run the script manually you can schedule it. I'm pretty
  sure the Windows task schedule or unix cron will work. Just make sure that
  the script is executed in the folder it is installed, so it can find the
  config file.


Known issues:
  - Some flickr links are not scanned successfully (un-flickr error). Its just
    a zoo of links that flickr offers, if there are some that cause a high
    amount of errors it could looked into.
  - Only flickr html wrapper are parsed, see TODO section.
  - Only jpeg images are kept.
  - Devianart uses some #anchor magic in the link, and then probably javascript
    to show the image, I'm not going into that.


TODO:
  If really someone uses this, and need this contact me.
  
  Reddit username support:
    It should be possible to add username/password support, so a more
    personalized list of images is parsed. This way support new filters like
    "upvoted", "downvoted" and "hidden".
    
  Resize:
    Instead of throwing large images away they could be resized to a desired
    size, guess ImageMagick module could do that for us.
    
  Other sites:
    Imgut should work perfectly, flickr most of the time. If there is another
    website with html wrappers around that is frequently used it could be
    supported.



Contact:
  I'm a family guy with a full time job and three kids, so I'm utilized from
  6am to 9pm, but thanks to crappy TV I've to waste...
  In case of a problem/request go to
    https://github.com/xrmb/RedditPicSaver/issues


History:
  1.0 / 2011-06-05:
    - initial version